	Inventory management
Multiple functions and responsibilities can make a retail owner forget about refilling the stock. 
The retail management software provides the convenience of alerting the owner to reorder the inventory automatically. 
Stocking the right inventory at the right time will give the right amount of sales.

	Customer retention and targeting them 
Retail management software has eased the target based marketing and crafting campaigns, 
loyalty programs accordingly.
It gives accurate data about the frequency of a particular shopper walking to your store, what most he buys, 
notifying them about the latest discounts etc.

	Business forecasting and data analysis
Which product is billed the most? 
How much inventory should be stocked to get profit? All these questions of retailers go unanswered until the data 
prediction feature of the retail management system helps retailers with various sales reports,
data analytics and complex data calculations, which results in business decisions of tracking profit margins, 
monitor inventory, customer buying patterns, managing of expenses and reduction of waste. With this, 
retailers can spend more time making innovations to their business.

	Operational features
Retail management systems have features to address daily operational needs such as the generation of daily reports, 
sales reports, real-time analytics, refund management, cash management,
promotions and discounts management and many more on a single dashboard. 

	Multi-currency Support
With digital shopping being the most preferred, retailers need to have a compact solution which can 
manage the operations of the in-store business as well as online,  which means the shopping experience should be optimized.
During peak seasons, mobile POS solutions give the convenience of a faster checkout with secure transactions and payments in multiple currencies. 

	Periodic Billing Support
Many retailers provide their customers with the option to pay in instalments. 
In such a scenario, a retail management system can set a periodic billing method for the customer.
The installments will automatically get debited from the account authorized by the customer.

	Multiple device compatibility
Retail management systems can work with multiple devices, operating systems and configurations. 

	Omnichannel Capabilities

In the present digital time, offline retailers are making themselves available on the web.
Using a retail management software gives the retailer manage effectively the physical store operations as well as ecommerce in a single platform. 
With shoppers demanding many conveniences in shopping, 
retailers are opting for an omnichannel approach and are striving for giving a smooth shopping experience to the customers. 